1 - why C preferred for embedded?
	- simple and portable
	- easy to write, read, debug
	- utilize less memory, rich library 
	- middle level programming
	- procedure oriented language

2 - what are tokens in C?
	The individual elements of a program are called Tokens. There are 6 types of tokens available in C
	- Identifiers
	- Keywords
	- Constants
	- Operators
	- Special Characters
	- Strings

3 - what is nested structure
	when a data member of one structure is referred by data member of another function, then it is called nested structures

4 - Types of Input
	1) compile time - data are given to variable within a program itself
	2) runtime input - data is given to a variable during program execution time
	3) load time 	- data is given to a variable along with its executable file during load time

5 - Typecasting
	- It is a temporary conversion of one form of datatype to another form of datatype
	1) Implicit typecasting - done by compiler where lower datatype is converted into higher datatype
	2) Explicit typecasting  - user has to done this

6 - What is compiler
	A compiler is a special program that translates a programming language's source code into machine code(binary format)
	1) Native compiler - host and target are same
	2) Cross compiler  - host and target are different
		HOST	- where program implemented
		TARGET	- where program executed

7 - Compilation stages
8 - Types of error

9 - Types of pointers
	- Void Pointer		- generic pointer, used to store any type of address, if want to access any address data, we have to do proper typecasting.
	- NULL Pointer		- It is a pointer, which is  pointing to 0 address(points to nothing)
	- Wild Pointer		- It is uninitialized pointer that contains random memory address that may point to invalid memory location
	- Dangling Pointer 	- Even after freeing the memory also, still pointer Points to same memory location 
	- Far Pointer		- It can store the address of any memory location in the RAM
	- Near Pointer		- near pointer can only store till first 64kB addresses
	- Huge Pointer		- A pointer that can point to any segment in the memory -->size is 4 bytes	

10 - what is Volatile keyword in C
	- it is a qualifier that is used by the programmer when they declare a variable in source code
	- It is used to inform the compiler that variable value can be changed at any time without any task given by the source code, outside the scope of current code execution

11 - Actual arguments : Arguments that are present in the function call.
     Formal arguments : Arguments that are present in the function definition.

12 - getc() reads a character from any input and returns corresponding integer value on success. If it fails, it returns EOF
     getchar() reads from standard input, making it equivalent to getc(stdin)
     getch() reads single character from keyboard. It doesn’t use any buffer, so data is not displayed on screen
     getche() reads a character from the keyboard uses buffers and displays it immediately on output screen, without waiting for enter key

13 - toupper() - function used to convert lowercase into uppercase
     tolower() - function used to convert uppercase into lowercase 

14 - what is an linkage
	identifier declared in different scope or same scope more than once, can be made refer to same object or function by a process called linkage.
	1) No linkage :  The identifiers should be used with in the block/function
	2) Internal linkage : The identifiers should be used with in the same file itself
	3) External linkage : The identifiers can be used in the same file as well as in other files also, which are belongs to same program

15 - array     - It is collection of similar data items which are Stored in contagious memory locations
     pointer   - It is variable, which holds address of another variable and it is used to access/modify data indirectly
     recursion - A function which is called by itself is called recursion 
     string    - It is collection of characters, which are stored in Contiguous memory location and it enclosed with double quotes
		 and terminated with null character. 

16 - structure - collection of different data items which are stored in contagious memory location
     union     - collection of different data items which are stored in same memory
     enumerator- it is a collection of named integer constants 
     typedef   - it is a keyword which is used to provide existing data types with a new alias name

17 - function 
	- It is a sub program in a main program to perform, a specific task
	- When a function is called then there is memory allocation is done in stack and that is called push operation,
	  once if function task is over, then it will de-allocates the memory is called pop operation.
	- For every C programming execution, 8MB memory is allocated in a stack.
	- function instructions are executing from code section
	- functions local variables and function return addresses memory is allocated in a stack section. 

18 - what is memory leak
	it can be defined as situation where programmer allocates dynamic memory to program but fails to free or delete
	the used memory after completion of code

19 - #pragma directive 
	- It is a preprocessor directive used to turn on or off certain features
		1.#pragma startup - allow us to specify functions called upon program startup
		2.#pragma exit    - allow us to specify functions called upon program exit
		3.#pragma warn    - tells the computer to suppress any warning or not

20 - Command line arguments
	1. all the arguments are treated as strings in command line arguments
	2. By default a string itself represent as base address
	3. syntactical representation of string is const char* 
	4. argv is pointer (char**) , which points a char array of pointer base address

21 - call back function: 
	- if a function passes as an argument to another function, where it is collected through function pointer to call it back, that function is called call back function

22 - malloc - Allocates single block of memory of specified size and returns a pointer to the beginning of the block
     calloc - Allocates multiple blocks of memory, initializes all bytes to zero, and returns a pointer to the allocated space
     realloc - Changes the size of allocated memory block and may move the memory block to a new location, updating the pointer

23 - fprintf and fscanf
	- these functions in C are used for formatted input and output to files
	- They are similar to printf and scanf but operate on files instead of standard input and output
	- fprintf - it may takes more memory to write data

24 - fread and fwrite
	- these functions in C are used for binary input and output
	- They allow you to read from and write to files in binary mode, which is useful for handling data
	- fwrite - it is used to save the memory to write data

25 - Stream 
	It is a kind of buffer which acts as an interface between program and files are data flow

26 - Function pointer
	a pointer that stores the address of function is called a function pointer or a pointer to a function.
	Function pointers can be useful when you want to call a function dynamically.

27 - Static variable
	- Using static is good practice to indicate that the function is private to particular module and should not provide functionalities required by other modules
	static variable data can be retained throughout the program in SRAM location that are not reallocated during program execution
	1. Global static
		if declared outside function, it means it is known to all functions of program
	2. Local static
		if declared inside function, it means it is known only within the function

Data Structures:
1. Data structures
	- It is fundamental components in programming that help organize and store data efficiently.
	- They define how data is arranged, accessed, and manipulated within an application

2. Types
	1. Linear DS
		1.Array
		2.Structures
		3.Linked list
			1.Single Linked List
			2.Double
			3.Circular
		4.Stack
		5.Queue
	2. Non-linear DS
		1.Trees
		2.Graph
		3.Heap
		4.Hash Table
	
3. Node
       It is a memory region where it consists of DATA & Link field
		1.Data field - Stores the value or information
		2.Link field(pointer) - A reference to the next node or connected nodes 	
	
4. add middle
	- How to add link to a middle of list?
	     we have a information field, we can add nodes with help of that

5. Traversal method
	1. Depth-First Traversal (DFS)
		* In-order Traversal (LNR): Visit the left subtree, then the root node, and finally the right subtree
		* Pre-order Traversal (NLR): Visit the root node first, then the left subtree, and finally the right subtree
		* Post-order Traversal (LRN): Visit the left subtree first, then the right subtree, and finally the root node	
	2. Breadth-First Traversal (BFS)
		* Level-order Traversal: Visit the nodes level by level, starting from the root node and moving down to the leaves

6. Binary Search Tree (BST)
	- a specialized type of binary tree where each node has a value, and values in left subtree are always smaller than node's value, while values in right subtree are always larger







https://github.com/Vishruth-S/S3_DS_LAB/blob/685256bb91a0544e9ec1f78162a25aa9dcf665eb/!Lab%20Cycle%20Programs/CYCLE_1/Factorial%20with%20recursion.c